DOCSP-30518: Delete Many Usage Example (#67)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/usage-examples/deleteMany.txt

> .. _rust-delete-many-usage:

Author: Yeah I was torn about that since all the usage example files in other repos use camel case for the file names (and lowercase for fundamentals pages), but happy to change

> .. _rust-delete-many-usage:

Reviewer: No need to change, but I think it makes the URL look cleaner to use kebab case.

=========================
Delete Multiple Documents
=========================

You can delete multiple documents from a collection in a single operation
by calling the ``delete_many()`` method on a ``Collection`` instance.

Pass a query filter to the ``delete_many()`` method to delete documents in the
collection that match the filter. If you do not include a filter, MongoDB deletes
all the documents in the collection. To delete all documents in a collection,
consider calling the ``drop()`` method on a ``Collection`` instance instead for
better performance. The ``drop()`` method also deletes all the indexes associated

> with the collection.

Reviewer: S: move this information into a tip admonition because it is a useful suggestion, but not directly in line with the goal of the page.

> The ``delete_many()`` method returns a ``DeleteResult`` type, which contains
> information about the delete operation. You can retrieve the total number of
> documents deleted from the ``deleted_count`` field of the ``DeleteResult``
> instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``delete_many()`` method returns a ``DeleteResult`` type, which contains
information about the delete operation, such as the total number of
documents deleted.
```

Example
-------

This example deletes documents from the ``restaurants`` collection that match
a query filter. The example uses a ``Restaurant`` struct that has ``name``,
``address``, and ``borough`` fields to model the documents in the collection. 

The following code passes a query filter as a parameter to the ``delete_many()`` method.
The filter matches documents where the value of the ``borough`` field is ``"Manhattan"``

> and the value of the ``street`` field is ``"Broadway"``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the value of the ``address.street`` field is ``"Broadway"``.
```

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Asynchronous
      :tabid: delete-many-async

      .. io-code-block::
         :copyable: true

        .. input:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/delete-many-async.rs
            :language: rust
            :dedent:

        .. output::
            :language: console
            :visible: false

            Deleted documents: 615

   .. tab:: Synchronous
      :tabid: find-sync

      .. io-code-block::
         :copyable: true

        .. input:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/delete-many-sync.rs
            :language: rust
            :dedent:

        .. output::
            :language: console
            :visible: false

            Deleted documents: 615

Additional Information
----------------------

> To learn more parameters you can set on delete operations, see the :ref:`rust-delete-guide`
> guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about delete operations, see the :ref:`rust-delete-guide` guide.
```

To learn more about the ``drop()`` method, see the :ref:`rust-drop-collection` section in

> the Databases and Collections guide.

Reviewer: S: move this to the tip admonition I suggested earlier

> To learn more about using query filters, see the :ref:`rust-query-guide` guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about creating query filters, see the :ref:`rust-query-guide` guide.
```

API Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To learn more about the methods and types mentioned on this
page, see the following API documentation:

- `delete_many() <{+api+}/struct.Collection.html#method.delete_many>`__
- `DeleteResult <{+api+}/results/struct.DeleteResult.html>`__

> - `deleted_count <{+api+}/results/struct.DeleteResult.html#structfield.deleted_count>`__

Reviewer: S: Since this is a field of the previously linked `DeleteResult` type, you can remove this link

.. _rust-delete-many-usage:

=========================
Delete Multiple Documents
=========================

You can delete multiple documents from a collection in a single operation
by calling the ``delete_many()`` method on a ``Collection`` instance.

Pass a query filter to the ``delete_many()`` method to delete documents in the
collection that match the filter. If you do not include a filter, MongoDB deletes
all the documents in the collection. 

.. tip::

>     To delete all documents in a collection, consider calling the ``drop()``
>     method on a ``Collection`` instance instead of passing an empty filter to
>     ``delete_many()``. The ``drop()`` method also deletes all the indexes
>     associated with the collection.

Reviewer: S: remove all of the redundant information thats repeated in the linked section - that's where that info can be found is a user is looking for it!

```suggestion
    To delete all of the data in a collection in a single operation, call the ``drop()``
    method on a ``Collection`` instance.
```

>     To learn more about the ``drop()`` method, see the :ref:`rust-drop-collection`
>     section in the Databases and Collections guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To learn more about the ``drop()`` method, see the :ref:`rust-drop-collection`
    section of the Databases and Collections guide.
```

The ``delete_many()`` method returns a ``DeleteResult`` type. This type contains
information about the delete operation, such as the total number of

> documents deleted.

Reviewer: S: move this information before the admonition to keep it all together. Otherwise this kind of gets lost sandwiched between a header and an admonition

Example
-------

> This example deletes documents from the ``restaurants`` collection that match
> a query filter. The example uses a ``Restaurant`` struct that has ``address``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example deletes all of the documents from the ``restaurants`` collection that match
a query filter. The example uses a ``Restaurant`` struct that has ``address``
```

and ``borough`` fields to model the documents in the collection. 

The following code passes a query filter as a parameter to the ``delete_many()`` method.
The filter matches documents where the value of the ``borough`` field is ``"Manhattan"``
and the value of the ``address.street`` field is ``"Broadway"``.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Asynchronous
      :tabid: delete-many-async

      .. io-code-block::
         :copyable: true

        .. input:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/delete-many-async.rs
            :language: rust
            :dedent:

        .. output::
            :language: console
            :visible: false

>             Deleted documents: 615

Reviewer: Q: what do you think about adding a note here that suggests that a user's output might differ because of previous CRUD operations they might have performed on their collection? I did that [here](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-rust/pull/70/files#diff-f148b6f939801e1fcdcedc70d15ef9899d0ee46e6e782ac7b3e9868a82a067beR51)

Author: Sounds good
